---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

_What did you do this past week?_ This past week was pretty hectic. Career fair was on Tuesday, so there was finishing up resumes, preparing for interviews, and hoping for the best. I also had three projects all dues on Thursday. Netflix was finished relatively early, but the other two took a long longer than expected, and resulted in a lack of sleep for the end fo this week.

_What's in your way?_ In general, there's nothing in the way for this class? Overall, my next few weeks just seem very packed, so most likely time management and lack of sleep could be potential roadblocks.

_What will you do next week?_ In this next week, I'll be interviewing and scheduling interviews with different companies. It's a little stressful, but also I'm super blessed to have the experiences!


## Class Experience
This week, yet another alumni graced us with silly jokes, useful information about their company, and super cool technology. The alumni worked at JPL, and we were able to see the cool things that were in production.  It's quite interesting to see the rise in virtual reality and its various uses.

Weekly quizzes still give anxiety, but it's definitely been helpful to go over the notes from the class before. Professor Downing also posts a post a day on notes, which is a good refresher on what we went over. He also takes notes on his guest speakers. (You should definitely check out those posts, because 150% there will be a daily quiz with questions about the company.)


#### Tip of the Week
The FoCS (Friends of Computer Science) brunch/dinner (depending on the year) has been quite helpful for me in my recruiting processes these past two years. If you go, talk to the companies you want to talk to, especially if they're having on-campus interviews. If you're curious about a company, this is a great environment to ask them questions, since are definitely a lot less people than the full-blown career fair. Most likely, you can have longer chats and they can see more of who you are.
Near the entrance of the event, there's usually company resume drops. Definitely, have a lot of resumes printed so you can drop a resume in each of those boxes. (Why not, right?) I got emails and calls from companies I didn't even talk to at career fair or the FoCS event, which doesn't normally happen to me. Casting your net wide if you don't know exactly what you're looking for can be useful!
