---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

_What did you do this past week?_ This past week, we commenced Phase 3. We started to implement a search API and we're also trying to make our search bar work well and look nice on our site. Some other things I did this week was audition to be a social dance classroom assistant, present the project deliverable for my android final project, and start training for the full marathon. It has been quite nice running instead of being holed up in the lab all day. 

_What's in your way?_ Once part of Phase 3 is to use another group's API. The last time we checked, the group didn't have an API implemented, so we are waiting for that to be completed in order to do a visualization of the group's data. Other than that, the planning for our own search API could have been a blocker had we not talked about it before. Due to careful planning, we avoided this dilemna.

_What will you do next week?_ In this next week, I'll be finishing my third information retrieval and web search project and finishing phase 3 for this class. Our group will probably start preparing the presenation as well.


## Class Experience
I've been doing pretty poorly on the quizzes, partially due to misreading questions. It's pretty sad to see the quiz grade drop lower and lower, especially with the other grades being okay. I'm hoping to do better on these last few so I can raise my quiz average.  

We've started to go over design patterns in class. It's a little hard to keep track of what will work or the specific behavior of certain classes, but overall, it's been really interesting to learn. The code we've been looking at has all been in Java, so it'll be interesting to see if these same things apply in Python. More on the radar, it'll be interesting to see if this is on our final test of the class, which will be in the last week of school. Overall, the semester has gone way faster than anticipated, and I've very thankful for the things I've learned in this class.

#### Tip of the Week
Don't let yourself become a lab rat like me! I spend possibly too many hours in the lab. It's good to allot time to do work, but it's also important to have breaks to eat, exercise, or watch that puppy video your friend linked you. Also, find some productive buddies to code with! You don't necessarily have to be in the same classes, but I find myself more motivated to do work and less likely to slack off when I'm not by myself. You can also take breaks together and have somebody to watch your stuff, which is an extra bonus.
