---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

_What did you do this past week?_ This past week, we finished Phase 1 of the IDB project. I also recovered from being sick, which thankfully allowed me to finish my work. 

_What's in your way?_ We discovered that splitting the team in half might not have been the right idea initially since there seems to be more front-end work for this project. To combat this, we added one of our guys to the front-end team. The team is now divided into 4 and 2. Slack has been quite helpful with communication, though it is still hard to coordinate all 6 of us being in one place. Also, integrating both the front-end and back-end work together could be difficult.

_What will you do next week?_ In this next week, I hope to start on Phase 2 with my team by discussing the front-end implementation and going through the specs in detail to ensure we have every aspect of the project. This will probably include adding several Issues to our GitHub page. Aside from this, I'll be registering for classes for my last semester at UT ever, which is quite mindboggling.

## Class Experience
Daily quizzes give me so much anxiety. Fortunately, total, daily quizzes account for 15% of the class grade. However, I feel the grade go slowly down and it worries me a little. We also have not received test scores back yet, so I'm wondering if my subpar performance on quizzes will give me anxiety later in the semester.


#### Tip of the Week
Start early on projects. Talk about design first. Have the different elements you need before writing the code that utilizes it.
My team made the mistake of getting/formatting the data we could use as one of the last steps. This caused us to have to make a lot of changes to our design, which could have been done earlier had we had the appropriate data first.
Another thing that's important is to plan things out before coding it. Our front-end design changed a lot as we progressed through the week, which also may have been able to be prevented if we had planned it out first.

Tip of the week summary: Plan things out, then execute.
