---
layout: post
title: Week 14
---

_What did you do this past week?_ 
This past week, my group presented our final project : interswellar.me. We also took our final on Thursday. Some other things that happened this week were finishing up and presenting my mobile final project, turning in my final information retrieval project, and an essay for social dance. I also was able to attend the social dance end of the year soiree and the CA potluck.

_What's in your way?_ I am curious to see how my grades turn out for this semester. Other than that, wanting to do fun things may get in the way of studying/other productivity.

_What will you do next week?_ In this next week, I will finally be free!! (to an extent) I will be relaxing and spreading out my studying through the next week for my one final on the 14th, which happens to be the last day of finals. I'll also be on the look out for free food events, because college students love free food.


## Overall Class Experience
Throughout this course, I learned a great deal of Python and how to use source coutrol better. I also have learned how to work with a large group of people better, the importance of communication, and that you CAN effectively divvy up work and not have a bunch of merge conflicts if you make more branches and have a good plan thought out. The final project was a good glimpse of what a team setting could look like in the work field, and many people gained knowledge of valuable tools that they will probably be able to use later in their careers. I think Python is a good language to learn because it is mostly simple syntax, but it is also a powerful language that you can accomplish a lot with.

I've also learned that it is important to study notes of the class from before and do readings if you want to do well on quizzes. Even though it's only 15% of your grade, you want to do well on this so it's not the one thing that brings your grade down.

Honestly, it's been a really fast semester, but I'm glad I took the advice of students before me who told me to take this class.

#### Tip of the Week
To be safe, you should do every extra credit opportunity presented to you. You never know when deadlines will pile up and when you'll have to prioritize other assignments over others. Also, it's good to have friends in your classes. Talk to people around you and you can find some dependable people who you can basically live in the computer lab with and do life together. I've met some solid people through my computer science classes and I hope this trend continues into my last semester.
