---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

_What did you do this past week?_ This past week, we finished phase 3 of the final project, which was super exciting! My team went to Pluckers afterward to celebrate. (Thank you free-five-wing coupons.)

_What's in your way?_ In the last week after Thanksgiving break, I have a test (this class) plus two projects due on that same day. Needless to say, that week will be super stressful. However, I am looking forward to winter break a lot. It'll be nice to have a lot of time with family and friends. 

_What will you do next week?_ In these next two days, I'll be watching some other groups present their final projects. Also, I have a test in Mobile Computing, and I'll hopefully get a lot of work done on my final projects for Mobile Computing and Information Retrieval and Web Search. I am also hoping to spend more time with family, especially since I haven't had a good weekend to go home in a long time. I'm expecting to eat a lot and also food coma.


## Class Experience
These past few weeks, we've been talking about different design patterns and also the different behaviors of Java due to keywords such as static, private, protected, etc. We've seen how these keywords affect the code and the uses of each type. We've also seen how design patterns are very useful and that we should probably implement these in our own code as we move on into the workforce. Some other cool things have been guest speakers, and in these next few days of class, we'll get to see other groups present their final projects. It'll definitely be cool to see how everyone got their ideas for their projects and seeing the finished product talked about.


#### Tip of the Week
There are some really cool events in Austin. Take advantage while you're still a student!
For example, for Broadway tickets/other shows, they're really cheap for us! Use student discounts to the fullest. Also, Austin is a great city of live music and performances. It's also a big enough city that popular groups may tour it and special events may be hosted here. I went to a Lights' Festival this past weekend, which was SUPER awesome. It felt like I was taken straight out of Tangled. Be on the lookout through cool events, whether it's through Facebook/various mediums of social media, newspapers, flyers, or other means of getting news out to people. Really take advantage of the time you have as an undergraduate to explore your hobbies and also experience new things.
