---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

_What did you do this past week?_ We had our first midterm in this class. Because of it, we didn't have class on Friday, so I had more time slots available for interviewing. This past week was filled with preparing for interviews, doing projects, studying for this test, and ultimately not getting enough rest. 

_What's in your way?_ With the test out of the way, there are more interviews/projects from other classes. Also, the bigger group projects are commencing!

_What will you do next week?_ Hopefully, this coming week, we'll figure out the groups for the group projects and start on Project 3! I'll also be flying out to Seattle for the first time, which I'm excited but nervous about at the same time.  I also hope to sleep more because I love sleep.

## Class Experience
For our Monday and Wednesday lectures, we actually didn't review exam-specific material. In fact, they seemed almost like normal lectures which made me almost forgot that we actually had an exam on Thursday.
The exam itself was very fair. It was all coding. Any of the functions that we wrote during class were fair game, so it's important to be familiar with those as well as using those function to write other classes.
I found myself mixing up Python and Java syntax (mainly between "this" and "self"), but thankfully I caught myself before I turned it in.
My internet wasn't working for the first 8 minutes, so I freaked out a little bit. On first read-through, I was quite confused. Everything was familiar yet foreign at the same time. I decided to not think of the entire exam but tackled the problems I could first. This made it a lot easier, and when I went back to the more "daunting" problems, I realized that there were ways to check it.
It's definitely important to check over your work over and over, making sure you're not forgetting semi-colons/messing up other Python syntax.


#### Tip of the Week
Downing encourages us to try to "write" the test ourselves and practice with other people. I did this with a few people in the class, and we actually encountered similar but not the exact questions on the exam. I can't go into specifics, but for sure, practice the in-class Examples and implement the methods in many ways. Downing fortunately posts the code we do in class on github and website.
