---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

_What did you do this past week?_ This past week, I flew out to Seattle for an interview and met up with my final project group for the first time! We started on Project 3 by setting up the different components and tryin to divvy up the work as best as possible. I spent a lot of team reading up about the different things we can/should use for back-end, front-end, etc.

_What's in your way?_ I think scheduling/figuring out how to work together will be the hardest thing. With six people, there's a lot of different personalities and working-styles. Another thing in my way personally is that I'm not familiar with many of the tools we will be using for this project, but I am excited to learn new things!

_What will you do next week?_ This upcoming week, we will finish Phase 1 because it's due on Thursday. I also have a test and another project for different classes, so I definitely have to balance my time well. On top of that, I'm still waiting to hear back from some companies and I have an interview scheduled as well.


## Class Experience
Due to me flying out to Seattle, I missed class on Wednesday. I can definitely feel the impact of missing a class. I wish I had read over the in-class examples/notes from the day I missed more in depth, because I had to do a lot of guessing on the daily quiz. I also felt a little lost during class since I didn't have the previous class's knowledge as a base. I'm starting to see some overlap between different computeer science courses. We went over decorators and factory methods, which I've gone over in both Software Design and Mobile Computing. It's really cool to see the many uses of these concepts.

#### Tip of the Week
Again, review the notes of the previous class, especially if you missed it (for whatever reason). Interviews are definitely important, but know that classes don't stop just because you aren't there.

Another tip is to be sure to communicate with your group. Upon Downing's recommendation, my project group uses Slack. It's very useful because we have it integrated with GitHub, so I feel as though I know what is happening, I have a better idea on what needs to be worked on, and I know I have a way to communicate with everyone in the group. I'm definitely learning a lot about working in a team to get a task completed.
