---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

_What did you do this past week?_  This past week, I finished up the Collatz project. Despite starting early, I ran into a bunch of issues in the last few days. Most of the problems had to do with pulling, pushing, and merging to Git from my local machine.

_What's in your way?_ There are many assignments from other classes that are being assigned with due dates that overlap quite a bit. My poor time management skills will probably be put to the test this semester.

_What will you do next week?_ My plans for the week include fixing up my resume, applying for full time jobs, preparing for career fair, and starting on the second project for this class. Some other things I will be doing this week are working on my info retrieval and web search project and my mobile computing projects. 


## Class Experience 
If I had to summarize this Wednesday and Friday (no meeting on Monday due to Labor Day being this week), it would have to be "immutable vs. mutable". Downing is quite knowledgable and gives many examples to show how two things can be similar or different.
Professor Downing seems to really care about his students getting the most out of classes and other experiences. He emphasizes that participation is super important. This applies to many things, such as *PIAZZA*, getting internships, and doing the class readings. Not only can you get helpful class/project tips, but Downing will often post about outside opportunities, such as other helpful classes and events.

#### Tip(s) of the Week
Go over the notes you take in class!
For this semester, we meet Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays. Each class is 1 hour. We go over a lot of code examples, and it's important to know the differences between them and also knowing about Python's behavior in certain situations. You can also run some of the code yourself and try out things, just to see what will happen. It's one thing to learn the material through reading, but it's also crucial to try running code and to see the results for yourself.

Another helpful thing is to CHECK PIAZZA. Not only will you avoid the awkward "___, you've read 0 of the 60 posts" moment, but most likely, people are struggling with similiar issues that you've had as well. You can help and be helped! The Piazza SEARCH feature is definitely something that should be used first before posting questions.
