---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

_What did you do this past week?_ This past week, I started to read through some of the articles assigned to us, both in the books and the ones available online. I also was able to get the books from a friend who took this class in a previous semester.

_What's in your way?_ Since classes have just started, I don't think there are any blockers that could prevent me from moving forward. However, I could foresee lack of Python knowledge and working with new technologies to be a potential road block.

_What will you do next week?_ In this next week, I'll verify that I have all of the appropriate things set up on my laptop and that they are all functioning properly. Also, I plan on looking into some Python stuff to better familiarize myself with syntax.


##Class Experience

So far, the class has been different than other computer science courses I've taken in the past few years. Like all professors, Professor Downing walked us through the expectations of the course, what type of things we'll need to have installed for the next weeks, and so on. However, Professor Downing steps through coding examples, and he calls on his students to answer questions about the code and what certain things mean. 
This personally makes me more attentive, and it's exciting to see what other students know. I like how there is interaction between the students and the professor. This helps me to retain the information better. It will also challenge me to be more bold in my answers and speak up, since I personally do not like being called on due to fear of messing up or not knowing the right answer.

We also have daily quizzes which occur in the beginning of class, which could cover previous class material or the assigned readings. You're given a code which will give you access to the Canvas quiz, and you have 3 minutes to take them. This time limit may or may not vary due to the amount of questions in a given quiz.

Overall, I'm expecting to learn a lot, especailly since I don't know too much in this specific area of study. I have also never used AngularJS or some of the other things that are listed, so I look forward to using unfamiliar things.
I also am excited about meeting classmates and getting to know the ones that have been in my other classes throughout the years.

#### Tip of the Week
Code coverage and testing is super important. If your tests don't cover all of your code, there's a possibility that you could run into some issues later on with lines that weren't tested. Good testing early on will possibly prevent a lot of problems that could occur later.
