---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

_What did you do this past week?_ 
This past week, we finished Phase 2 a few hours before the turn-in time! This was really nice, compared to the last week where it felt like we were scrambling up until the last minute. It's been really fun being on the front-end team of my group and experimenting with CSS, HTML, and Javascript, as well as other things. Jinja has been very useful for my group, as well!

_What's in your way?_ For me, it's time-management again and prioritizing the right things / meeting my deadlines I set for myself. This past phase showed my group that working early and diligently is the key to finishing the project without stressing too much. That being said, I hope to continue to do this while juggling the work of my other classes, as well. 
 
_What will you do next week?_ In this next week, we'll probably start phase 3 of the final project and also discuss how we want to present the information for the presentation at the end. I'll also be working on my final project for Mobile Computing and another project for Information Retrieval and Web Search. Overall, this coming week will be project-heavy. Another thing I plan on doing is looking into cheap flights for the summer/spring break, since I'll be starting work in September. I'm looking forward to being done with school and being able to travel with friends and family before going into the work force.
## Class Experience
This past week, we've been going over XML, JSON, and SQL. It's interesting to see the differences between procedural and declarative languages. By studying these things side by side, you really get an appreciation for certain attributes of various languages, and you can also see why one would be more useful in a certain scenario.

#### Tip of the Week
After finishing your project, give yourself enough time to go over the specs bullet by bullet and ensure you have everything listed. This will prevent you from losing points, and if you did forget something, you can easily add it without worrying about the deadline. Also, for each project, we have to submit a JSON with our basic information, a git SHA, and other things. Make sure your file conforms to the given JSON formatting, otherwise you could lose points. Also, having more time at the end will make it less like that you'll make mistakes, since you'll be more calm.

**Unrelated-to-the-class Tip**  
Take social dance!! Or at least try social dancing. It's a super cool way to destress, meet other people, and also have a useful skill for when your friends start getting married and you don't want to do the awkward highschool/middleschool dancing. Honestly, it's been one of the most enjoyable classes I've taken, and the teacher is SUPER awesome. (She also graduated with a computer science degree from Stanford, which makes her extra awesome.) The amount of computer science majors I've seen in the class/dancing in general has increased, so you could be a part of the movement, too!
