---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

_What did you do this past week?_ This past week, my partner and I started Project 2 - Netflix. We're mostly finished now, but there's a few more things to finish up before submitting the JSON file. This week, the assigned readings completed the Extreme Programming book.

_What's in your way?_ We ran into some issues with Travis, but those are resolved now, thanks to Downing messaging the team. Right now, there are multiple projects due next Thursday, and there is the CNS career fair. I can feel the stress slowly creeping up on me, but it'll definitely be a relief when next week is over.

_What will you do next week?_ Career fair is on Tuesday. I'm going to finish cleaning up my resume, continue to practice interview questions, and hope that I get some interviews for full-time offers this semester. There are also a few events next week that I will be attending. Also, I will have Project 2 turned in by Thursday at 10 PM.

## Class Experience
Downing invites guest speakers to class some times. This Wednesday, a UT alumni spoke to us about his experience at Bloomberg and gave us insights into what the company was looking for from applicants. This definitely gave me a better sight of what I need to focus on when speaking to recruiters.
In general, there are a lot of cool features of Python that don't exist in Java or other coding languages. For example, some operators are overloaded in ways unique to Python, such as the ability to "multiply" a string and an int. This results in making "copies" of the string. For example, str = "abc" * 2 would be "abcabc". I feel each day, I learn something new, which makes class super engaging. There is still the fear of being called on, but if you give the wrong answer, Downing will either walk you toward the right one or correct you.

I am still getting used to the plethora of colons throughout my code and lack of semi-colons, but it's definitely been a good learning experience.
I was first introduced to the concept of Pair Programming through 439, and I can definitely say it's still beneficial in this class. Having two pairs of eyes on the screen and two brains to bounce ideas off of each other increases efficiency. It's also helpful that we read the instructions/specs multiple times, because we have both caught things that we weren't doing.

#### Tip of the Week
Discipline is important for building up habits.
If you commit to something, definitely have a set schedule for the first few weeks, and over time, it'll develop into a habit. 
For me, I'm hoping to apply that to running more consistently. I'm signed up for a full-marathon next semester; wish me luck! (And, if you need a training buddy, let me know!)
