---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

_What did you do this past week?_  I did the reading from the Extreme Programming book and the JavaScript book, as well as read the articles assigned for the week. I also started working on project 1: collatz, which gave me more exposure to unit testing, python, sphere, and many other things.

_What's in your way?_  I think the accumulation of all of the different things that are required for projects can be overwhelming at first, but with time and carefully reading through the instructions, things are a lot clearer. Also, the TAs/proctors can be a good resource as well.

_What will you do next week?_  Project 1 is due this week! This means that this should definitely be done in this next week. I have to write and make a pull request for my test cases, as well as optimize my code more.

## Class Experience

This week marks the second week of class, and also happens to be the first full week of class. We covered a lot of material, including information that is super useful for our first project, and for all of our future projects.

On Monday, we refreshed on different types of caches, and how making optimizations would be necessary for our code since Python is a pretty slow language, as stressed by Professor Downing. I think this particular day was a good reminder of the many ways you can make your code run faster. However, this often leads to different tradeoffs, such as space and time.

In the next class, the idea of having a good game plan was stressed. We wrote down how we would complete project 1, step by step, which seems to be a good indication of what we as students will want to do for following projects. This offered a lot of clarity for the assignment, and allowed for me to see the roadmap of what was required to ultimately complete and turn it in.

Another topic and tool I gained an immense appreciation for was Exceptions. In Python, this takes the form of try and except statements. We were able to walk through the workflow of different scenarios. It was super cool to see the different uses and talk about real life examples. Professor Downing does a good job of explaining the concepts and different scenarios using funny analogie, so remembering each situation will be a lot easier.

Besides the classwork itself, I've been able to meet some new people who I am able to discuss class material with right after class. This allows me to really solidify the topics in my head by explaining to my classmates and also having them explain different things to me that I didn't understand completely. It's quite interesting the type of camaraderie that can be formed in these upper division classes, but it's also reassuring that we're not in this alone.

#### Tip of the Week

_Start early so you can run into problems early and ask questions early on._ 
It's easy to feel shameful and think you don't know anything. However, waiting until the last moment and never asking could be far worse than just giving up your pride and asking. There are people out there who love to help and would love to help you learn. The TAs, proctors, and the professor are all there to help. There are also students around you who probably can help as well! You can do it!

Also, read instructions very carefully. You definitely don't want to lose points or not get credit for assignments if you miss something!
