---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

_What did you do this past week?_ This past week, I worked on Phase 2 of the IDB project. My project group and I worked hard to improve the website. We also took a look at the previous semester's websites to see how we could improve ours.

_What's in your way?_ Mostly, it's time management and setting aside time to work as a team. I have two other projects to juggle time between, so I have to be diligent in working ahead and splitting my time between the three projects.

_What will you do next week?_ This coming week, I will work with my group to finish Phase 2. I'll also be working on my two other projects and hopefully will catch up on sleep.


## Class Experience
This past week, I didn't have a normal class experience due to the fact that my alarm sound didn't go off on Monday. My phone has been acting abnormally for the past week, and finally, I didn't wake up for class. Apparently, we went over regular expressions, which Downing says is really important. I myself have used regex very rarely, so I hope to explore it more, since Downing has expressed its importance.

On Wednesday, we had two guest speakers from Pariveda. These two again were alumni who took Downing's class. It's pretty cool to see these full-timers, because at one point, they were in my shoes, juggling different classes, project deadlines, and just other college experiences.

On Friday, it was the 50th anniversary of the UTCS program, and class was cancelled. The GDC (our beloved home) was filled with free snacks (Amy's ice cream + Tiff's Treats), arcade games, a climbable, inflatable mountain, and giant games (Jenga, Connect Four). It was pretty fun to have working breaks while working on Phase 2.

#### Tip of the Week
Participate in Hackathons and attend them with friends, or use them as an opportunity to make new friends. A lot of campuses will hold Hackathons, and they're good opportunities to exercise new ideas, learn to use different technologies, get free swag, and also get free food. The only trade-off is sleep, so participate at your own risk. Hackathons can be super productive and fun, and you can also put them on your resume. Recruiters seem to ask a lot of questions about personal projects, so putting yourself out there and giving yourself more opportunities to have fun projects you can talk about is very beneficial. 
